Andi and Bruce meet at a home for their
dog and you know no dogs allowed
I think we need to find Friday in your
home oh no they found the perfect place
but you thinking what I'm thinking
oh yeah why don't we just wander the
streets and rescue every stray we see
they got the team can you make this work
this is the newest member of our family
we could take one more or we can fit
like 10 more they got the mission got
straight on-scene anglers and six come
on guys for being rescued smarter ever
seen a ski cheat and hoodie before
there's a lot more taking care they've
been feeding them they've got the plan
you made this yes to take care of them
even when we're not here and every stray
will have its day thank you Brian
simulator is the next customer
from DreamWorks Pictures for dog to us
to real family and Nickelodeon movies
when the secret gets out I like to call
them to complain about a howling dog
we're gonna be more trouble than we've
ever been in do you really think you
could outsmart us rather not answer that
question
[Music]
our dog
Hotel for Dogs there has to be the
grossest thing I've ever seen that's
awesome
[Music]